std::variant

The class template std::variant represents a type-safe union. 
An instance of std::variant at any given time holds a value of one of its alternative types 
(it's also possible for it to be valueless).

union : similar to structs, among all states , union stores only one

        #include <iostream>
        #include<variant>

        int main(){
            std::variant<int,double> v{12};
            std::get<int>(v);//12
            std::get<0>(v);//12
            v = 12.0;
            std::get<double>(v);  // 12.0
            std::get<1>(v); //12.0
        return 0;
        }

        compile command : g++ -std=c++17 Inheritance.cpp
---        
        
std::optional

The class template std::optional manages an optional contained value, i.e. a value that may or may not be present.
A common use case for optional is the return value of a function that may fail.


        std::optional<std::string> create(bool b) {
          if (b) {
            return "Godzilla";
          } else {
            return {};
          }
        }

        create(false).value_or("empty"); // == "empty"
        create(true).value(); // == "Godzilla"
---


std::any


A type-safe container for single values of any type.

        std::any x{ 5 };
        x.has_value() // == true
        std::any_cast<int>(x) // == 5
        std::any_cast<int&>(x) = 10;
        std::any_cast<int>(x) // == 10


---

std::string_view

        A non-owning reference to a string. Useful for providing an abstraction on top of strings (e.g. for parsing).
        
        
        // Regular strings.
        std::string_view cppstr{ "foo" };
        // Wide strings.
        std::wstring_view wcstr_v{ L"baz" };
        // Character arrays.
        char array[3] = {'b', 'a', 'r'};
        std::string_view array_v(array, std::size(array));

---

std::invoke

        Invoke a Callable object with parameters. Examples of Callable objects are std::function or std::bind where an object can be called similarly to a regular function.

        template <typename Callable>
        class Proxy {
            Callable c;
        public:
            Proxy(Callable c): c(c) {}
            template <class... Args>
            decltype(auto) operator()(Args&&... args) {
                // ...
                return std::invoke(c, std::forward<Args>(args)...);
            }
        };
        auto add = [] (int x, int y) {
          return x + y;
        };
        Proxy<decltype(add)> p{ add };
        p(1, 2); // == 3
        
        
---        

std::apply

Invoke a Callable object with a tuple of arguments.

        auto add = [] (int x, int y) {
          return x + y;
        };
        std::apply(add, std::make_tuple( 1, 2 )); // == 3
        
        
---

std::filesystem

The new std::filesystem library provides a standard way to manipulate files, directories, and paths in a filesystem.

Here, a big file is copied to a temporary path if there is available space:

      const auto bigFilePath {"bigFileToCopy"};
      if (std::filesystem::exists(bigFilePath)) {   
        const auto bigFileSize {std::filesystem::file_size(bigFilePath)};
        std::filesystem::path tmpPath {"/tmp"};
        if (std::filesystem::space(tmpPath).available > bigFileSize) {
          std::filesystem::create_directory(tmpPath.append("example"));
          std::filesystem::copy_file(bigFilePath, tmpPath.append("newFile"));
        }
      }
      
      
---


std::byte

The new std::byte type provides a standard way of representing data as a byte. Benefits of using std::byte over char or unsigned char is that it is not a character type, and is also not an arithmetic type; while the only operator overloads available are bitwise operations.

        std::byte a {0};
        std::byte b {0xFF};
        int i = std::to_integer<int>(b); // 0xFF
        std::byte c = a & b;
        int j = std::to_integer<int>(c); // 0
        
        
---

Splicing for maps and sets


        Moving nodes and merging containers without the overhead of expensive copies, moves, or heap allocations/deallocations.

        Moving elements from one map to another:

                std::map<int, string> src{ { 1, "one" }, { 2, "two" }, { 3, "buckle my shoe" } };
                std::map<int, string> dst{ { 3, "three" } };
                dst.insert(src.extract(src.find(1))); // Cheap remove and insert of { 1, "one" } from `src` to `dst`.
                dst.insert(src.extract(2)); // Cheap remove and insert of { 2, "two" } from `src` to `dst`.
                // dst == { { 1, "one" }, { 2, "two" }, { 3, "three" } };

        Inserting an entire set:

                std::set<int> src{1, 3, 5};
                std::set<int> dst{2, 4, 5};
                dst.merge(src);
                // src == { 5 }
                // dst == { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 }


        Inserting elements which outlive the container:

              auto elementFactory() {
                std::set<...> s;
                s.emplace(...);
                return s.extract(s.begin());
              }
              s2.insert(elementFactory());

        Changing the key of a map element:

                std::map<int, string> m{ { 1, "one" }, { 2, "two" }, { 3, "three" } };
                auto e = m.extract(2);
                e.key() = 4;
                m.insert(std::move(e));
                // m == { { 1, "one" }, { 3, "three" }, { 4, "two" } }


---

Parallel algorithms

      Many of the STL algorithms, such as the copy, find and sort methods, 
      started to support the parallel execution policies: seq, par and par_unseq which translate to 
      "sequentially", "parallel" and "parallel unsequenced".


      std::vector<int> longVector;
      // Find element using parallel execution policy
      auto result1 = std::find(std::execution::par, std::begin(longVector), std::end(longVector), 2);
      
      //par : parallel, 2 : searching lement
      
      
      // Sort elements using sequential execution policy
      auto result2 = std::sort(std::execution::seq, std::begin(longVector), std::end(longVector));


      //yet compile ::
