A good understanding of how dynamic memory really works in C++ is essential to becoming a good C++ programmer. 


### dynamic memory works only on heap.

Memory in your C++ program is divided into two parts −

    The stack − All variables declared inside the function will take up memory from the stack.

    The heap − This is unused memory of the program and can be used to allocate the memory dynamically when program runs.

Many times, you are not aware in advance how much memory you will need to store particular information in a defined 
variable and the size of required memory can be determined at run time.

You can allocate memory at run time within the heap for the variable of a given type using a special operator 
in C++ which returns the address of the space allocated. This operator is called new operator.

If you are not in need of dynamically allocated memory anymore, you can use delete operator, 
which de-allocates memory that was previously allocated by new operator.



        #include <iostream>
        using namespace std;

        int main () {
           double* pvalue  = NULL; // Pointer initialized with null
           pvalue  = new double;   // Request memory for the variable

           *pvalue = 29494.99;     // Store value at allocated address
           cout << "Value of pvalue : " << *pvalue << endl;

           delete pvalue;         // free up the memory.

           return 0;
        }
        
        
#### Dynamic Memory Allocation for Arrays

Consider you want to allocate memory for an array of characters, i.e., string of 20 characters. 
Using the same syntax what we have used above we can allocate memory dynamically as shown below.

          char* pvalue  = NULL;         // Pointer initialized with null
          pvalue  = new char[20];       // Request memory for the variable

          To remove the array that we have just created the statement would look like this −

          delete [] pvalue;             // Delete array pointed to by pvalue



#### Dynamic Memory Allocation for Objects

      Objects are no different from simple data types. 

        #include <iostream>
        using namespace std;

        class Box {
           public:
              Box() { 
                 cout << "Constructor called!" <<endl; 
              }
              ~Box() { 
                 cout << "Destructor called!" <<endl; 
              }
        };
        int main() {
           Box* myBoxArray = new Box[4];
           delete [] myBoxArray; // Delete array

           return 0;
        }
