set : unique
multiset : allows duplicates


Multiset is an associative container. 

follows some specific order to store elements. 

allows duplicates

And some more similarity to sets to multisets are both has the property that, value stored and corresponding key both are same.

Elements in multiset are constant. 

We unable to modify after insertion of the element. 

If we want to update element then we should delete that element and again insert with updated element. 

The elements in the multiset are always sorted.

> Iterators work on multiset:

          begin(): returns iterator to the beginning.
          end(): returns iterator to the end of the list.

          rbegin(): returns reverse iterator to reverse beginning.
          rend(): returns reverse iterator to reverse end.

          cbegin(): Returns constant iterator to beginning.
          cend(): Returns constant iterator to end.

#### example 


          #include <iostream>
          #include <set>
          #include <iterator>

          void printMultiset(std::multiset<int> mset){
              for(auto it = mset.begin(); it != mset.end() ; it++){
                  std::cout << '\t' << *it;
              }
              std::cout << std::endl;
          }
          int main(){
              //multiset container
              std::multiset <int> mset;
              std::cout << "insert() method" << std::endl;
              mset.insert(500);
              mset.insert(400);
              mset.insert(300);
              mset.insert(100);
              mset.insert(200);
              printMultiset(mset);
              std::cout << "size : " << mset.size() << std::endl;
              std::cout << "max size : " << mset.max_size() << std::endl;
              std::cout << "is empty ? : " << mset.empty() << std::endl;
              std::cout << "erasing 300 : " << std::endl;
              mset.erase(300);
              printMultiset(mset);
              std::cout << "clearing set " << std::endl;
              mset.clear();
              std::cout << "size : " << mset.size() << std::endl;    
          }

          output : 
          insert()
                  100     200     300     400     500
          size : 5
          max size : 461168601842738790 //capacity of multiset
          is empty ? : 0
          erasing 300 :
                  100     200     400     500
          clearing set
          size : 0

